[singing in Japanese]
[narrator] Jean, Nadia, Marie,
and King escaped from
the sinking Nautilus
only to find themselves stranded
on a deserted island.
There, our heroes had to learn
to provide for themselves.
Unlike the others, Nadia enjoys
living far from the modern world
and wants to spend
the rest of her life there.
But does she truly understand
the ramifications of
primitive life?
Will anyone ever respond
to their cries for rescue?
Will they ever learn the secret?
[snoring]
[birds chirping]
Hmm.
[banging]
Huh?
[groaning]
What is it, Nadia?
Marie is still sleeping.
Your eyes will dry up
if you keep sleeping the morning
away like this.
But we had such a... [yawns]
long time getting camp
all set up last night.
Mm-hmm.
We are going to make this island
our home from now on.
So we had better change
our living schedules.
-Our what?
-Huh?
The very first thing we must do
is give our new home
a proper name.
I've considered some options.
Hmm, what did you come up with?
Lincoln Island.
Lincoln Island?
Lincoln, the president who freed
the African slaves in America?
Exactly. And that is
Captain's Lagoon.
Captain's?
Because the captain's
cabin landed there.
Correct. Now then we'll call
that Namaki Beach.
Namaki Beach?
Namaki, after
Nadia, Marie, and King?
-That's right.
-[sighs]
But why was I not
included in there?
Oh, uh...
All four of us landed
on the beach, didn't we?
You named
it after the three of you,
so why can't I take
get my name in there as well?
Let's see. Najemaki Beach.
-Well, it's too hard to say.
-Hmm.
I guess we'll just have
to get used to it, won't we?
-Am I right, King?
-[gasps]
I guess there are more important
things to worry about
than the name of a beach.
[animals screeching]
[Nadia] You don't really have to
use the names
if you don't like them.
What happened to you, Nadia?
You're like a different
person today.
Look here, I had some time
to think things over last night.
Huh?
I refuse to be
scared or angry anymore
so I shed my old skin
and became an enlightened person
this morning.
From this day forward,
I am no longer the Nadia
you thought you knew,
but I am now reborn!
-Huh?
-[animal screeching]
The cocoon has
released a butterfly.
Good morning, Mr. Shearwater
and Mrs. Bunny.
Good morning to all
my animal friends of the forest.
Excuse me, Nadia,
did you bring us all the way out
here just for this?
What do you mean by that?
We have an awful lot
of work to do.
We must salvage Nemo's cabin.
We have to survive
until help gets here.
[purrs]
I have decided that we should do
without science and civilization
so we don't need
anybody's help.
Huh?
From now on, I'm going to live
with nature in the forest.
Come along.
So no one
wants to follow me, eh?
Well, I'll do it
even if I have to do it alone.
That's right. I'll do it alone.
I can do it. Just...
Oh, Nadia, you're mad!
[tense music playing]
[wind whistling]
[waves crashing]
So what is it?
It's my invention.
It is a water
distillation machine.
We all know that we can't
drink seawater, right?
-Mm-hmm.
-So we boil it inside here.
Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm.
The sea salt
will remain inside the machine.
Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm.
Then the water becomes steam,
condenses without the salt,
and drips into
the basin ready to drink.
And that's how we will survive.
Pretty amazing invention, no?
Hmm. How much water
have you made so far?
Huh?
[Jean snoring]
[Marie] Jean, Jean, Jean, Jean!
Hurry up! Hurry up!
We see a ship!
-Oh, hurry up, would you?
-[grunts]
[Marie] We see a ship!
We see a ship!
Huh?
[panting]
-See?
-[gasps]
[tense music playing]
What's that?
[elephant trumpets]
Uh...
Well, Jean, you have no faith in
the power of nature
or the value of animals.
If you stay on this island,
you will regret for the rest of
your life
that you ever put faith
in the flaws of science.
Uh, this can't be happening!
Marie, King?
So goodbye to you, John.
We're all going to live
happily ever
after with nature now.
But you have to
take me along with you!
Wait for me!
[all]
Goodbye. Adios. Sayonara.
Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait.
Wait! Don't leave me, Nadia!
Please, don't leave me alone!
[grunts]
It was a dream.
[Marie] Jean, I see a ship!
I made something just in case.
I made it and it didn't work.
[sighs]
-Huh?
-Hmm? What's the matter, King?
[gasps]
-Nadia!
[tense music playing]
[Nadia shouts]
Oh. Huh?
Hey, King,
why does she always have to be
such a difficult girl?
♪ The Secret Blue Water
[birds chirping]
[sighs]
[Marie] Hmm. Nadia.
[purrs]
-Hmm?
-[can clatters]
Huh. Nadia?
Hmm.
Nadia.
How convenient.
I wonder who it was that
invented this amazing gadget.
-[Marie] You silly.
-Huh?
Every one of the crew on
the Nautilus had a can opener.
How come you never noticed them?
Because you never helped
down in the kitchen,
-isn't that right, King?
-[laughs]
Well, at least we do not have to
ask King
to open our cans for
us anymore.
[laughing]
-[Marie] So, let's eat!
-[Jean] So, let's eat!
[can banging]
[grunting]
I can't get in!
Open up!
-[grunting]
-[can banging]
[Marie] What are these?
These are what people in
oriental cultures
call chopsticks.
-Hmm.
-[Jean laughs]
They are really quite handy
once you get the hang of it.
You'll see.
You'll get the hang of it.
It's things like this
that make life more comfortable.
-[Nadia grunting]
-[rock banging]
I don't need Jean's help.
I developed a strong will
in the circus
that will help me
win in the end.
-[grunting]
-[banging]
[cracks]
[sighs]
Thanks for the food.
-Huh?
-Hmm.
Nadia hasn't
come back to us yet.
She took away most of our food.
She should come
back and eat with us.
-Yes, she should.
-Hmm.
You're like a husband
waiting at home for his wife.
I-- we are going to have to
discover
another source of rations.
This is the last of the cans
we took from Nemo's cabin.
But what about
the can I found before?
They are very old
and the metal has swollen,
which means that the food inside
is too rotten to eat.
Really? That's not good at all.
Are we having fish for lunch?
I hope so.
I really need to
eat some fresh meat.
We could go hunting
but I'm too afraid
of the spirits in the forest.
[banging]
[Nadia] Just
watch. I will never give up.
-[grunts]
-[banging]
-[cracks]
[panting]
[animal screeching]
[quirky music playing]
[yawns]
We can't seem to catch anything.
-[gasps]
-[both] He did it.
You did an excellent job, King.
Good job, King.
Huh? Why'd you do that?
It was big enough for us to eat.
Big fish, big fish, big fish.
Now I understand!
There are bigger fish out there.
-[wave crashes]
-[screams]
[seagulls cawing]
I'm getting
really bored here, Jean.
At least there's something
for you to play with.
[Jean] This isn't something
to play with, Marie.
It's an encyclopedia
that teaches you about
everything from philosophy
to space.
It even has a book on important
people and maps of the world.
You don't play with it.
You learn from it.
[Marie] Sure, Jean. But
make me something to play with.
[Jean] Maybe later.
[Marie] But I'm bored right now!
[gasps] Say, King.
Let's play Shiritori.
Marie will go first. Uh, harbor.
Go.
[gasps]
Let's see. Robin egg.
-[purrs]
-[gasps] Reaper.
-[King purrs]
-[Marie] "Ro," huh?
Let's see.
How about, uh, rotate?
-[King purrs]
-[Marie] Ravish.
-[Marie] Uh, renege.
-[King purrs]
-[Marie] Um, raconteur.
-[Marie] Abattoir.
-[King purrs]
-[Marie] Reprise.
-Ha! Zion!
Ah! You don't play fair!
I can't play with you
if you only make our words.
Oh, King. You're no fun.
-Hey, do you wanna play?
-Maybe later.
Jean, I wanna play right now.
I promise I'll play
with you later.
[pouts]
-[King purrs]
-[Marie] Look.
-[grunts]
-Hey!
-[Marie] Get it, Jean.
It's a big one.
That fish has enough meat on it
to feed us for a whole week.
[grunts]
Look at the size of it!
[panting]
[boat horn honking]
-A boat!
We have got to
be lucky a third time.
[King purrs]
Hey! Hey! Hey!
Hey!
Hey! Hey!
-Stop, Marie. Just stop.
-Hey!
But why, Jean?
Nadia won't go with us.
[dramatic music playing]
I'm sorry
we lost the fish, Jean.
They say the big
one always gets away.
More of Jean's
destruction of nature.
[gasps]
[Marie laughing]
Hurray! Hurray!
What a huge haul!
Oh, I had such
a hard time drying this.
[Nadia] Help!
Somebody help me, please!
Help!
Nadia's being
pulled out to sea!
[gasps]
Nemo's cabin must've broken
from the rocks.
I don't think I can hold
on to this for much longer.
Hear me, animals of the forest.
Come to my aid.
Help me, fish of the sea!
[tense music playing]
Why won't they help me
after all I've done for them?
-[rumbling]
-[screams]
[panting]
-Jean.
-[Jean] Nadia!
-[gasps]
That was certainly
a dangerous situation, Nadia.
There is a very good reason
why the fish didn't come
to save me, Jean.
They couldn't help me.
You killed them all.
-But I...
-What do you expect us to do?
Do you want us
to starve to death
-instead of catching some fish?
-Well, Marie...
I think those fish
understand that more than you!
[mellow music playing]
[Jean]
Why were you in Nemo's cabin?
You brought--you brought
the hologram back to give me,
didn't you?
[Jean] Well, I know
it's very important to you.
Thank you so much, Jean.
I'm sorry. I was selfish.
I guess I'm an awfully stubborn
person like Grandis said.
[Jean] We can't survive against
nature by ourselves, Nadia.
[gasps]
People are not all that strong
but we have
the ability to think,
so we have to use our brains
to create inventions
that make the world livable.
Two hundred million years ago,
reptiles ruled over the Earth.
They could change
their environment at will
to suit their own convenience.
They proliferate greatly
but they also ended up
destroying themselves
and their environment.
Just like us humans are today.
[Jean] Precisely.
And that's why
we have to find the science
that will allow us
to co-exist with nature.
You see, reptile blood is cold
but human blood is warm.
I want to believe not
only in science but in mankind.
-I see.
-[Jean] Hmm.
Huh? What's wrong?
Looks like
someone's been pretty busy.
[Nadia] Huh? Oh, Marie drew
in your encyclopedia.
[Jean] When did
she do all of this?
[Marie] My name is Marie and
I was born on April 10th, 1885
in a place called
Marseilles, France.
I don't remember anything
about Marseilles
because my Mama, and Papa,
and Mookie, and I moved to Mahar
in Cape Verde Islands
when I was very little.
Mama and Papa
and Mookie died there.
But I'm okay now
because I am not alone.
Nadia is my sister.
She gets angry really easily.
She has a lot of
likes and dislikes.
She says she can talk to
animals
but I haven't seen
her do that yet.
And I love her so much.
Jean is Nadia's husband.
They are always fighting.
When I tell them it's a lover's
quarrel, they get mad at me.
Isn't that mean of them?
Jean is always making funny toys
but when I ask him
to play with me,
he always says, "Maybe later."
He doesn't get
angry as easily as Nadia
and I love him so much.
Then there's
King. He's my husband.
He used to be Nadia's boyfriend
a long time ago
-but I stole him away from her.
-[giggles]
That's okay because he says
he loves me more anyway.
We love each other very much,
even though he acts
a little old for his age.
I love him, too.
I wonder what this is.
Why does she say
that I get angry easily?
[laughs] She knows you.
Jean...
See there?
You're getting angry now.
I'm not angry yet
but you better be careful.
Look, I know
I can be mischievous,
precocious,
careless, and sentimental.
I might even
get a little irritable
but everyone loved me
when I was in the circus.
[Jean] Come on.
Don't be so sensitive.
[singing in Japanese]